Add details about device storage error for Comelit (#45041)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/comelit.markdown

To resolve this issue, verify the device’s IP address and port by navigating to them in a web browser.

### Can't update data

> #### Symptom: "Device Storage error"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Symptom: Device storage error
```

> During data refresh, the device may fail to provide the expected data and logs the error above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During data refresh, the device may fail to provide the expected data. The logs show an error: "Device SD card read failure. The card may be corrupted or failing; replacement is recommended.".
```

Author: I would not report the exact English error message as it could be translated ;-)

Reviewer: good point.

> In most cases, accessing the device Web UI will show some or all pages as blank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, the device web UI shows some or all pages as blank.
```
